The princess was captured by Zhao Santong
He deserved it if it fell into Zhao Santong's hands
You don't have to plead for him.
He is from this palace
If you want to kill it, you should kill it yourself
Stinky three heads, let me go
Don't forget there are electric mother weapons, right?
Hey
Hmm, this is my richest money
I'll tell you what.
I have a cell phone.
If you don't want to be taken away
Hurry up and let me go
Hahahaha
Hey boy
Look what this is, hehehe
The boy lost these two things
I see how you still walk those horizontal
If it's out of phase, hum
Just kneel down and call grandpa
Maybe give you pain
Brother Wang Xun is with you, right?
Please let him go
Haha, no problem.
But you have to promise me
You have to marry whoever I ask you to marry
I'll tell Zhao Dandong immediately.
Cut off Wang Xun's leg and send it over